Project waves blog post (#99)
comit-network/comit.network: blog/2020-11-26-project-waves.md

---
title: "Project Waves: Swapping Sats on Liquid"
author: philipp
author_url: https://github.com/bonomat
author_image_url: https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/224613
tags: [dev-update,liquid,elementsproject]
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img alt="Waves" src={useBaseUrl('blog/assets/images/2020-11/btc_waves.png')} />

> "You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.", Jon Kabat-Zinn

COMIT's vision is to have an open financial system - truly inclusive, censorship resistant and non-discriminatory. 
And we believe that Bitcoin is the most promising platform for such an open financial system due to its decentralization and its censorship resistance. 

Ultimately we would love to see such an open financial system be built on top of Bitcoin, however, as of today, Bitcoin lacks privacy and only supports a single asset (BTC).

> As mentioned in [Project Droplet](https://medium.com/comit-network/project-droplet-atomic-swaps-on-liquid-4c5ac045ad3c), we believe that Liquid can be a temporary platform allowing us to build a financial ecosystem around Bitcoin. 

Author: ```suggestion
As mentioned in [Project Droplet](https://medium.com/comit-network/project-droplet-atomic-swaps-on-liquid-4c5ac045ad3c), we believe that Liquid is such a platform allowing us to build a financial ecosystem around Bitcoin. 
```

> As mentioned in [Project Droplet](https://medium.com/comit-network/project-droplet-atomic-swaps-on-liquid-4c5ac045ad3c), we believe that Liquid can be a temporary platform allowing us to build a financial ecosystem around Bitcoin. 

Reviewer: Like I said in the review of the Tweet thread, I don't really like this way of putting it. Temporary has such a bad co-notation where we are only doing this as a workaround and not because we think it is actually a good solution.

I know that from a certain perspective it is true! However, instead of using "temporary" I'd frame it more positively by saying: "We are building this on top of what we think is the best solution as of today."

We see the possibility to build products such as lending and borrowing, prediction markets (option/futures) and even saving products. 
All of these share a basic building block: trading.

## Swapping Sats on Liquid

In the following weeks we will focus on that building block and implement an atomic swap solution to allow traders to trustlessly buy or sell L-BTC for L-USDT on Liquid.
In the first version we will focus on a single maker approach, i.e. there is one Liquidity Provider (LP) you have to connect to, who will offer you a rate. 
You can then trade against them. 

In a follow-up version we plan to evolve this tool to a peer-to-peer trading solution which allows you to connect to multiple LPs at the same time and even create your own orders. 

We created a simple mock-up and would love to hear your feedback: [Figma Mockup](https://www.figma.com/proto/MxcADlWgz6Z8XdwXwFuzVU/BTC%2FUSDT?node-id=199%3A363&scaling=scale-down). 

<img alt="Mock" src={useBaseUrl('blog/assets/images/2020-11/mock.png')} />

If you want to hear more, feel free to reach out to us: 

* Twitter: https://twitter.com/comit_network

> * Matrix: https://matrix.to/#/!VXJqVoUrHanVlQFVEU:matrix.org?via=matrix.org

Reviewer: Does this directly link to the Liquid-Room?

Author: give it a try, I kinda like this redirect approach :) 
But yes, that one goes to our COMIT-Liquid chat

And we believe that Bitcoin is the most promising platform for such an open financial system due to its decentralization and its censorship resistance. 

Ultimately we would love to see such an open financial system be built on top of Bitcoin, however, as of today, Bitcoin lacks privacy and only supports a single asset (BTC).

As mentioned in [Project Droplet](https://medium.com/comit-network/project-droplet-atomic-swaps-on-liquid-4c5ac045ad3c), we believe that Liquid can be a temporary platform allowing us to build a financial ecosystem around Bitcoin. 
We see the possibility to build products such as lending and borrowing, prediction markets (option/futures) and even saving products. 
All of these share a basic building block: trading.

## Swapping Sats on Liquid

In the following weeks we will focus on that building block and implement an atomic swap solution to allow traders to trustlessly buy or sell L-BTC for L-USDT on Liquid.
In the first version we will focus on a single maker approach, i.e. there is one Liquidity Provider (LP) you have to connect to, who will offer you a rate. 
You can then trade against them. 

> Think of SideShiftAi, just completely trustless. 

Reviewer 2: I am not sure I'd put it there.

Author: Ok, I'll remove it.

> Think of SideShiftAi, just completely trustless. 

Author: ```suggestion
```

---
title: "Project Waves: Swapping Sats on Liquid"
author: philipp
author_url: https://github.com/bonomat
author_image_url: https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/224613
tags: [dev-update,liquid,elementsproject]
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img alt="Waves" src={useBaseUrl('blog/assets/images/2020-11/btc_waves.png')} />

> "You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.", Jon Kabat-Zinn

COMIT's vision is to have an open financial system - truly inclusive, censorship resistant and non-discriminatory. 

> And we believe that #Bitcoin is the most promising platform for such an open financial system due to its decentralization and its censorship resistance. 

Reviewer 3: :question: Is it standard practice to use hashtags on medium?

> And we believe that #Bitcoin is the most promising platform for such an open financial system due to its decentralization and its censorship resistance. 

Author: ```suggestion
And we believe that Bitcoin is the most promising platform for such an open financial system due to its decentralization and its censorship resistance. 
```

> Ultimately we would love to see such an open financial system to be built on top of Bitcoin, however, as of today, Bitcoin lacks privacy and only supports a single asset (BTC).

Reviewer 3: :wrench:

```suggestion
Ultimately we would love to see such an open financial system be built on top of Bitcoin, however, as of today, Bitcoin lacks privacy and only supports a single asset (BTC).
```

As mentioned in [Project Droplet](https://medium.com/comit-network/project-droplet-atomic-swaps-on-liquid-4c5ac045ad3c), we believe that Liquid can be a temporary platform allowing us to build a financial ecosystem around Bitcoin. 
We see the possibility to build products such as lending and borrowing, prediction markets (option/futures) and even saving products. 
All of these share a basic building block: trading.

## Swapping Sats on Liquid

> In the following weeks we will focus on that building block and build an atomic swap solution for Liquid to allow traders to trustless buy or sell L-BTC to L-USDT on Liquid. 

Reviewer 3: :wrench: 
```suggestion
In the following weeks we will focus on that building block and implement an atomic swap solution to allow traders to trustlessly buy or sell L-BTC for L-USDT on Liquid.
```

> In the first version we will focus on a single maker approach, i.e. there is one Liquidity Provider (LP) you have to connect to who will offer you a rate. 

Reviewer 3: :upside_down_face: 
```suggestion
In the first version we will focus on a single maker approach, i.e. there is one Liquidity Provider (LP) you have to connect to, who will offer you a rate. 
```

You can then trade against them. 
Think of SideShiftAi, just completely trustless. 

> In a follow-up version we will evolve this tool to a peer-to-peer trading solution which allows you to connect to multiple LP at the same time and even create your own orders. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In a follow-up version we plan to evolve this tool to a peer-to-peer trading solution which allows you to connect to multiple LPs at the same time and even create your own orders. 
```
